Claire’s experience in setting up camps
attending Organic Color workshop by Sreekanth,
attending Data Privacy and Security scenario in India, Gender Equality.
Speaker 2 talks about her experience of attending natural color dying,
and her experience of the place and habitat.
Nico describing how they bootstrapped tent installation with
little guidance from Dinesh.
Dinesh explaining the demographics of the situation and
how his experience being a boy-scout helped him in solving problems.
Madhu’s experience understanding and
helping the team involved in installation of tents by supplying water.
She also goes on narrating her experience attending to Ram’s session
on Data privacy and security, gender sensitisation, and so on.
Dinesh’s narration and excitement on the Musical talent around the place and
Shilpa’s exquisitive folk singing.
Shilpa’s narration of the themes of songs, their inspiration, stories used,
Agni team’s collaboration.
Crowd persuading Shilpa to sing a line from the previous day’s performance.
Shilpa recollects and sings a phase and her experience collaborating.
Dinesh speaks of the arrangements for the folk artists in the seasons alike.
Priya recollects the events on organic color workshop and Ram’s Data privacy session.
Priya goes on recollecting Alekhya’s Birthday surpirse and later events,
while misinterpreting her isolation to passing away drunk. Hahaha
Nico’s experience with laser engraver repaired by Sanketh, and also used in Crafter Space.
Dinesh explaining the use of Laser Engraver with natural material in local places and
his vision to get technologies closer to the rural communities.